CHANGE TEMPLATE
EDIT CV
AFE IMHANGUELO
Our Jeremi, Delta Nigeria 330104 | +2348028619146 | muffydo@gmail.com
Summary
Adaptive and quick-thinking individual with an exceptional relationship management skill set, always seeking to add value to organization through effective management of people, processes, and integration of technology. Eager to take on roles where my expertise will be valuable in advancing organization goals and objectives,
Proficient in: Technical Inspections and Quality Reporting, Team Participation, Public Relations, Problem Solving.
Innovative individual with proven success evaluating requirements for software development projects to design innovative solutions. Out-of-the-box thinker and problem solver dedicated to improving performance. Works well in teams and consistently delivers to deadlines.
Experience
Python programming
NIT CENTER
11/2022 to Current
Warri, Nigeria
Developed strict quality assurance procedures to minimise coding errors.
• Maintained advanced security measures to protect user assets, safeguarding integrity of confidential data.
• Resolved technical issues highlighted by customers, alerting IT Team Leader and updating cIlents on progress
• Worked with other disciplines on systems designed for clients to understand building needs.
Web Developer
Frontend Developer
08/2022 to Current warri, Nigeria
Contributed to back-end experience and collaborated on APIs.
• Participated in bre-prolect analvsis and technica assessments to validate creation of user-friendly interface.
Handled special projects designated by senior developer.
Wrote and created codes and programmes to infuse power for databases and servers.
Designed layout and graphics to enhance aesthetics and appearance of website.
• Used JAVASCRIPT, HTML or XML to structure web pages and provide smooth navigation of internet.
• Collaborated with designers to implement concept and design of website.
Skills
• Web Designer
Web Developer
• Python Programming
• Graphic Designer
•
SQL
Database programming
HTML
JavaScript
Education
Bachelor in Science : Computer Science
Ambrose Ali University, Ekpoma Certificate Program in Desktop Publishing National Institute of Information and Technology Certificate Program in Graphic Design National Institute of Information and Technology
Edo Nigeria
Warri, Delta Nigeria
Warri, Delta Nigeria